# Markings-on-the-Floor-Detection
The robot had a task to clean the markings on the floor. For this task, we learnt how to apply skimage functions for thresholding to an image. Thresholding is a type of image segmentation, where we change the pixels of an image to make the image easier to analyze. In thresholding, we convert an image from colour or grayscale into a binary image, i.e., one that is simply black and white. Most frequently, we use thresholding as a way to select areas of interest of an image, while ignoring the parts we are not concerned with. We used the masks returned by these functions to select the parts of an image we was interested in. We tried various thresholding techniques to segment the marker Figure 15 shows the results obtained for various methods. Some other inferences are shown in Figure 16 and Figure 17. We took the images and performed various threshold techniques to segment the markers. One of the famous is Otsu thresholding. In Otsu thresholding, a value of the threshold is not chosen but is determined automatically. A bimodal image (two distinct image values) is considered. The histogram generated contains two peaks. So, a generic condition would be to choose a threshold value that lies in the middle of both the histogram peak values. We used the traditional cv2.threshold function and used cv2.THRESH OTSU as an extra flag. Figure 18 shows the results obtained by the Otsu method.  To estimate the depth of the centriod, we used depth data from the the RealSense camera.
